website: Update CLI and component docs (#1583)
hashicorp/waypoint: website/content/partials/components/builder-pack.mdx

- Type: **bool**
- **Optional**

> #### ignore

Reviewer: This is kind of a mess, are we OK with that?

Author: I couldn't figure it out, so I copy pasted the text into the mdx file 😖 I'll open an issue to actually fix it, but for now I'd say good enough for getting the website looking nice.

in front of the first hash for patterns that begin with a hash. 3. Trailing spaces are ignored unless they are quoted with backslash ("\"). 4. An optional prefix "!" which negates the pattern; any matching file
excluded by a previous pattern will become included again. It is not
possible to re-include a file if a parent directory of that file is
excluded. Git doesn’t list excluded directories for performance reasons,
so any patterns on contained files have no effect, no matter where they
are defined. Put a backslash ("\") in front of the first "!" for
patterns that begin with a literal "!", for example, "\!important!.txt". 5. If the pattern ends with a slash, it is removed for the purpose of the
following description, but it would only find a match with a directory.
In other words, foo/ will match a directory foo and paths underneath it,
but will not match a regular file or a symbolic link foo (this is
consistent with the way how pathspec works in general in Git). 6. If the pattern does not contain a slash /, Git treats it as a shell glob
pattern and checks for a match against the pathname relative to the

> location of the .gitignore file (relative to the toplevel of the work

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
location of the .gitignore file (relative to the top level of the work
```
